go_id	name	definition	category
GO:0097250	mitochondrial respirasome assembly	The aggregation, arrangement and bonding together of respiratory enzyme complexes I, III and IV of the mitochondrial inner membrane to form a large supercomplex.	N/A
GO:0140241	translation at synapse	Translation that occurs at the synapse.	N/A
GO:0140242	translation at postsynapse	Translation that occurs at the postsynapse.	N/A
GO:0045833	negative regulation of lipid metabolic process	Any process that stops, prevents, or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of the chemical reactions and pathways involving lipids.	N/A
GO:0062014	negative regulation of small molecule metabolic process	Any process that stops, prevents or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of a small molecule metabolic process.	N/A
GO:0036293	response to decreased oxygen levels	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a stimulus reflecting a decline in the level of oxygen.	N/A
GO:1905953	negative regulation of lipid localization	Any process that stops, prevents or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of lipid localization.	N/A
GO:0006111	regulation of gluconeogenesis	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of gluconeogenesis, the formation of glucose from noncarbohydrate precursors, such as pyruvate, amino acids and glycerol.	N/A
GO:0044406	adhesion of symbiont to host	The attachment of a symbiont to its host via either adhesion molecules, general stickiness, or other mechanisms. The host is defined as the larger of the organisms involved in a symbiotic interaction.	N/A
GO:0006414	translational elongation	The successive addition of amino acid residues to a nascent polypeptide chain during protein biosynthesis.	N/A
GO:0055093	response to hyperoxia	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a stimulus indicating increased oxygen tension.	N/A
GO:0045912	negative regulation of carbohydrate metabolic process	Any process that stops, prevents, or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of the chemical reactions and pathways involving carbohydrate.	N/A
GO:0006979	response to oxidative stress	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of oxidative stress, a state often resulting from exposure to high levels of reactive oxygen species, e.g. superoxide anions, hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), and hydroxyl radicals.	N/A
GO:0045834	positive regulation of lipid metabolic process	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of the chemical reactions and pathways involving lipids.	N/A
GO:0000028	ribosomal small subunit assembly	The aggregation, arrangement and bonding together of constituent RNAs and proteins to form the small ribosomal subunit.	N/A
GO:0044794	positive regulation by host of viral process	A process in which a host organism activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of the release of a process being mediated by a virus with which it is infected.	N/A
GO:0019730	antimicrobial humoral response	An immune response against microbes mediated through a body fluid. Examples of this process are seen in the antimicrobial humoral response of Drosophila melanogaster and Mus musculus.	N/A
GO:0061179	negative regulation of insulin secretion involved in cellular response to glucose stimulus	Any process that decreases the frequency, rate or extent of the regulated release of insulin that contributes to the response of a cell to glucose.	N/A
GO:0035634	response to stilbenoid	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of exposure to a stilbenoid. Stilbenoids are secondary products of heartwood formation in trees that can act as phytoalexins. Stilbenoids are hydroxylated derivatives of stilbene. They belong to the family of phenylpropanoids and share most of their biosynthesis pathway with chalcones.	N/A
GO:0036296	response to increased oxygen levels	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a stimulus reflecting an increase in the level of oxygen.	N/A
GO:0019731	antibacterial humoral response	An immune response against bacteria mediated through a body fluid. Examples of this process are the antibacterial humoral responses in Mus musculus and Drosophila melanogaster.	N/A
GO:0050709	negative regulation of protein secretion	Any process that stops, prevents, or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of the controlled release of a protein from a cell.	N/A
GO:0031649	heat generation	Any homeostatic process in which an organism produces heat, thereby raising its internal temperature.	N/A
GO:0045475	locomotor rhythm	The rhythm of the locomotor activity of an organism during its 24 hour activity cycle.	N/A
GO:0006094	gluconeogenesis	The formation of glucose from noncarbohydrate precursors, such as pyruvate, amino acids and glycerol.	N/A
GO:0019319	hexose biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of hexose, any monosaccharide with a chain of six carbon atoms in the molecule.	N/A
GO:0019915	lipid storage	The accumulation and maintenance in cells or tissues of lipids, compounds soluble in organic solvents but insoluble or sparingly soluble in aqueous solvents. Lipid reserves can be accumulated during early developmental stages for mobilization and utilization at later stages of development.	N/A
