go_id	name	definition	category
GO:0045333	cellular respiration	The enzymatic release of energy from inorganic and organic compounds (especially carbohydrates and fats) which either requires oxygen (aerobic respiration) or does not (anaerobic respiration).	N/A
GO:0022904	respiratory electron transport chain	A process in which a series of electron carriers operate together to transfer electrons from donors such as NADH and FADH2 to any of several different terminal electron acceptors to generate a transmembrane electrochemical gradient.	N/A
GO:0022900	electron transport chain	A process in which a series of electron carriers operate together to transfer electrons from donors to any of several different terminal electron acceptors.	N/A
GO:0015980	energy derivation by oxidation of organic compounds	The chemical reactions and pathways by which a cell derives energy from organic compounds; results in the oxidation of the compounds from which energy is released.	N/A
GO:0015986	proton motive force-driven ATP synthesis	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of ATP driven by transport of protons across a membrane to generate an electrochemical gradient (proton-motive force).	N/A
GO:0006754	ATP biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of ATP, adenosine 5'-triphosphate, a universally important coenzyme and enzyme regulator.	N/A
GO:0009206	purine ribonucleoside triphosphate biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of purine ribonucleoside triphosphate, a compound consisting of a purine base linked to a ribose sugar esterified with triphosphate on the sugar.	N/A
GO:0009145	purine nucleoside triphosphate biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of purine nucleoside triphosphate, a compound consisting of a purine base linked to a ribose or deoxyribose sugar esterified with triphosphate on the sugar.	N/A
GO:0009201	ribonucleoside triphosphate biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of a ribonucleoside triphosphate, a compound consisting of a nucleobase linked to a ribose sugar esterified with triphosphate on the sugar.	N/A
GO:0009142	nucleoside triphosphate biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of a nucleoside triphosphate, a compound consisting of a nucleobase linked to a deoxyribose or ribose sugar esterified with triphosphate on the sugar.	N/A
GO:0009152	purine ribonucleotide biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of a purine ribonucleotide, a compound consisting of ribonucleoside (a purine base linked to a ribose sugar) esterified with a phosphate group at either the 3' or 5'-hydroxyl group of the sugar.	N/A
GO:0009260	ribonucleotide biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of a ribonucleotide, a compound consisting of ribonucleoside (a base linked to a ribose sugar) esterified with a phosphate group at either the 3' or 5'-hydroxyl group of the sugar.	N/A
GO:0046390	ribose phosphate biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of ribose phosphate, any phosphorylated ribose sugar.	N/A
GO:0046034	ATP metabolic process	The chemical reactions and pathways involving ATP, adenosine triphosphate, a universally important coenzyme and enzyme regulator.	N/A
GO:0006164	purine nucleotide biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of a purine nucleotide, a compound consisting of nucleoside (a purine base linked to a deoxyribose or ribose sugar) esterified with a phosphate group at either the 3' or 5'-hydroxyl group of the sugar.	N/A
GO:0010257	NADH dehydrogenase complex assembly	The aggregation, arrangement and bonding together of a set of components to form an NADH dehydrogenase complex.	N/A
GO:0009205	purine ribonucleoside triphosphate metabolic process	The chemical reactions and pathways involving purine ribonucleoside triphosphate, a compound consisting of a purine base linked to a ribose sugar esterified with triphosphate on the sugar.	N/A
GO:0009199	ribonucleoside triphosphate metabolic process	The chemical reactions and pathways involving a ribonucleoside triphosphate, a compound consisting of a nucleobase linked to a ribose sugar esterified with triphosphate on the sugar.	N/A
GO:0009144	purine nucleoside triphosphate metabolic process	The chemical reactions and pathways involving purine nucleoside triphosphate, a compound consisting of a purine base linked to a ribose or deoxyribose sugar esterified with triphosphate on the sugar.	N/A
GO:0009165	nucleotide biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of nucleotides, any nucleoside that is esterified with (ortho)phosphate or an oligophosphate at any hydroxyl group on the glycose moiety; may be mono-, di- or triphosphate; this definition includes cyclic-nucleotides (nucleoside cyclic phosphates).	N/A
GO:0009141	nucleoside triphosphate metabolic process	The chemical reactions and pathways involving a nucleoside triphosphate, a compound consisting of a nucleobase linked to a deoxyribose or ribose sugar esterified with triphosphate on the sugar.	N/A
GO:0072522	purine-containing compound biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of a purine-containing compound, i.e. any compound that contains purine or a formal derivative thereof.	N/A
GO:0006163	purine nucleotide metabolic process	The chemical reactions and pathways involving a purine nucleotide, a compound consisting of nucleoside (a purine base linked to a deoxyribose or ribose sugar) esterified with a phosphate group at either the 3' or 5'-hydroxyl group of the sugar.	N/A
GO:1901293	nucleoside phosphate biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of a nucleoside phosphate.	N/A
GO:0009150	purine ribonucleotide metabolic process	The chemical reactions and pathways involving a purine ribonucleotide, a compound consisting of ribonucleoside (a purine base linked to a ribose sugar) esterified with a phosphate group at either the 3' or 5'-hydroxyl group of the sugar.	N/A
GO:0033108	mitochondrial respiratory chain complex assembly	The aggregation, arrangement and bonding together of a set of components to form a mitochondrial respiratory chain complex or between respiratory chain complexes to form high-order structures.	N/A
GO:0009259	ribonucleotide metabolic process	The chemical reactions and pathways involving a ribonucleotide, a compound consisting of ribonucleoside (a base linked to a ribose sugar) esterified with a phosphate group at either the 3' or 5'-hydroxyl group of the sugar.	N/A
GO:0019693	ribose phosphate metabolic process	The chemical reactions and pathways involving ribose phosphate, any phosphorylated ribose sugar.	N/A
GO:0070482	response to oxygen levels	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a stimulus reflecting the presence, absence, or concentration of oxygen.	N/A
GO:0001666	response to hypoxia	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a stimulus indicating lowered oxygen tension. Hypoxia, defined as a decline in O2 levels below normoxic levels of 20.8 - 20.95%, results in metabolic adaptation at both the cellular and organismal level.	N/A
GO:0062013	positive regulation of small molecule metabolic process	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of a small molecule metabolic process.	N/A
