go_id	name	definition	category
GO:0006091	generation of precursor metabolites and energy	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of precursor metabolites, substances from which energy is derived, and any process involved in the liberation of energy from these substances.	N/A
GO:0015988	energy coupled proton transmembrane transport, against electrochemical gradient	The transport of protons across a membrane and against an electrochemical gradient, using energy from a source such as ATP hydrolysis, light, or electron transport.	N/A
GO:0098662	inorganic cation transmembrane transport	A process in which an inorganic cation is transported from one side of a membrane to the other by means of some agent such as a transporter or pore.	N/A
GO:0098655	monoatomic cation transmembrane transport	The process in which a monoatomic cation is transported across a membrane. Monatomic cations (also called simple cations) are positively charged ions consisting of exactly one atom.	N/A
GO:0098660	inorganic ion transmembrane transport	The process in which an inorganic ion is transported across a membrane.	N/A
GO:0034220	monoatomic ion transmembrane transport	A process in which a monoatomic ion is transported across a membrane. Monatomic ions (also called simple ions) are ions consisting of exactly one atom.	N/A
GO:0006812	monoatomic cation transport	The directed movement of a monoatomic cation, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells, by means of some agent such as a transporter or pore. Monatomic cations (also called simple cations) are positively charged ions consisting of exactly one atom.	N/A
GO:0009117	nucleotide metabolic process	The chemical reactions and pathways involving a nucleotide, a nucleoside that is esterified with (ortho)phosphate or an oligophosphate at any hydroxyl group on the glycose moiety; may be mono-, di- or triphosphate; this definition includes cyclic nucleotides (nucleoside cyclic phosphates).	N/A
GO:0006811	monoatomic ion transport	The directed movement of a monoatomic ion into, out of or within a cell, or between cells, by means of some agent such as a transporter or pore. Monatomic ions (also called simple ions) are ions consisting of exactly one atom.	N/A
GO:0072521	purine-containing compound metabolic process	The chemical reactions and pathways involving a purine-containing compound, i.e. any compound that contains purine or a formal derivative thereof.	N/A
GO:0007005	mitochondrion organization	A process that is carried out at the cellular level which results in the assembly, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of a mitochondrion; includes mitochondrial morphogenesis and distribution, and replication of the mitochondrial genome as well as synthesis of new mitochondrial components.	N/A
GO:0006753	nucleoside phosphate metabolic process	The chemical reactions and pathways involving any phosphorylated nucleoside.	N/A
GO:0065007	biological regulation	Any process that modulates a measurable attribute of any biological process, quality or function.	N/A
GO:0050789	regulation of biological process	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of a biological process. Biological processes are regulated by many means; examples include the control of gene expression, protein modification or interaction with a protein or substrate molecule.	N/A
GO:0050794	regulation of cellular process	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of a cellular process, any of those that are carried out at the cellular level, but are not necessarily restricted to a single cell. For example, cell communication occurs among more than one cell, but occurs at the cellular level.	N/A
GO:0055086	nucleobase-containing small molecule metabolic process	The cellular chemical reactions and pathways involving a nucleobase-containing small molecule: a nucleobase, a nucleoside, or a nucleotide.	N/A
