go_id	name	definition	category
GO:0071604	transforming growth factor beta production	The appearance of any member of the transforming growth factor-beta family of cytokines due to biosynthesis or secretion following a cellular stimulus, resulting in an increase in its intracellular or extracellular levels. Transforming growth factor-beta family members include TGF-B1, TGF-B2, and TGF-B3.	N/A
GO:0048144	fibroblast proliferation	The multiplication or reproduction of fibroblast cells, resulting in the expansion of the fibroblast population.	N/A
GO:1905517	macrophage migration	The orderly movement of a macrophage from one site to another.	N/A
GO:0032905	transforming growth factor beta1 production	The appearance of transforming growth factor-beta1 due to biosynthesis or secretion following a cellular stimulus, resulting in an increase in its intracellular or extracellular levels.	N/A
GO:0071492	cellular response to UV-A	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a UV-A radiation stimulus. UV-A radiation (UV-A light) spans the wavelengths 315 to 400 nm.	N/A
GO:0046689	response to mercury ion	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a mercury ion stimulus.	N/A
GO:0007160	cell-matrix adhesion	The binding of a cell to the extracellular matrix via adhesion molecules.	N/A
GO:0070141	response to UV-A	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a UV-A radiation stimulus. UV-A radiation (UV-A light) spans the wavelengths 315 to 400 nm.	N/A
GO:0034644	cellular response to UV	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of an ultraviolet radiation (UV light) stimulus. Ultraviolet radiation is electromagnetic radiation with a wavelength in the range of 10 to 380 nanometers.	N/A
GO:0007044	cell-substrate junction assembly	The aggregation, arrangement and bonding together of a set of components to form a junction between a cell and its substrate.	N/A
GO:0009612	response to mechanical stimulus	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a mechanical stimulus.	N/A
GO:0150115	cell-substrate junction organization	A process that is carried out at the cellular level which results in the assembly, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of a cell-substrate junction. A cell-substrate junction is a specialized region of connection between a cell and the extracellular matrix.	N/A
GO:0043627	response to estrogen	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of stimulus by an estrogen, C18 steroid hormones that can stimulate the development of female sexual characteristics.	N/A
GO:0071482	cellular response to light stimulus	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a light stimulus, electromagnetic radiation of wavelengths classified as infrared, visible or ultraviolet light.	N/A
GO:0048145	regulation of fibroblast proliferation	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of multiplication or reproduction of fibroblast cells.	N/A
GO:0007162	negative regulation of cell adhesion	Any process that stops, prevents, or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of cell adhesion.	N/A
GO:0071634	regulation of transforming growth factor beta production	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate, or extent of production of transforming growth factor-beta.	N/A
GO:0031589	cell-substrate adhesion	The attachment of a cell to the underlying substrate via adhesion molecules.	N/A
GO:0034614	cellular response to reactive oxygen species	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a reactive oxygen species stimulus. Reactive oxygen species include singlet oxygen, superoxide, and oxygen free radicals.	N/A
GO:0009411	response to UV	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of an ultraviolet radiation (UV light) stimulus. Ultraviolet radiation is electromagnetic radiation with a wavelength in the range of 10 to 380 nanometers.	N/A
GO:0071478	cellular response to radiation	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of an electromagnetic radiation stimulus. Electromagnetic radiation is a propagating wave in space with electric and magnetic components. These components oscillate at right angles to each other and to the direction of propagation.	N/A
GO:0006979	response to oxidative stress	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of oxidative stress, a state often resulting from exposure to high levels of reactive oxygen species, e.g. superoxide anions, hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), and hydroxyl radicals.	N/A
GO:1904707	positive regulation of vascular associated smooth muscle cell proliferation	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation.	N/A
GO:0071230	cellular response to amino acid stimulus	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of an amino acid stimulus. An amino acid is a carboxylic acids containing one or more amino groups.	N/A
GO:0048246	macrophage chemotaxis	The movement of a macrophage in response to an external stimulus.	N/A
GO:1904645	response to amyloid-beta	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a amyloid-beta stimulus.	N/A
GO:0071248	cellular response to metal ion	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a metal ion stimulus.	N/A
GO:0071229	cellular response to acid chemical	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a stimulus by the chemical structure of the anion portion of the dissociated acid (rather than the acid acting as a proton donor). The acid chemical may be in gaseous, liquid or solid form.	N/A
GO:0009314	response to radiation	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of an electromagnetic radiation stimulus. Electromagnetic radiation is a propagating wave in space with electric and magnetic components. These components oscillate at right angles to each other and to the direction of propagation.	N/A
GO:0010634	positive regulation of epithelial cell migration	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of epithelial cell migration.	N/A
GO:0048771	tissue remodeling	The reorganization or renovation of existing tissues. This process can either change the characteristics of a tissue such as in blood vessel remodeling, or result in the dynamic equilibrium of a tissue such as in bone remodeling.	N/A
GO:0071674	mononuclear cell migration	The movement of a mononuclear cell within or between different tissues and organs of the body.	N/A
GO:0000302	response to reactive oxygen species	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a reactive oxygen species stimulus. Reactive oxygen species include singlet oxygen, superoxide, and oxygen free radicals.	N/A
GO:0043200	response to amino acid	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of an amino acid stimulus. An amino acid is a carboxylic acids containing one or more amino groups.	N/A
GO:0043154	obsolete negative regulation of cysteine-type endopeptidase activity involved in apoptotic process	OBSOLETE. Any process that stops, prevents, or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of a cysteine-type endopeptidase activity involved in the apoptotic process.	N/A
GO:0097529	myeloid leukocyte migration	The movement of a myeloid leukocyte within or between different tissues and organs of the body.	N/A
GO:0060348	bone development	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of bone over time, from its formation to the mature structure. Bone is the hard skeletal connective tissue consisting of both mineral and cellular components.	N/A
GO:0060350	endochondral bone morphogenesis	The process in which bones are generated and organized as a result of the conversion of initial cartilaginous anlage into bone.	N/A
GO:0034599	cellular response to oxidative stress	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of oxidative stress, a state often resulting from exposure to high levels of reactive oxygen species, e.g. superoxide anions, hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), and hydroxyl radicals.	N/A
GO:0001101	response to acid chemical	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a stimulus by the chemical structure of the anion portion of a dissociated acid (rather than the acid acting as a proton donor). The acid chemical may be in gaseous, liquid or solid form.	N/A
GO:0048705	skeletal system morphogenesis	The process in which the anatomical structures of the skeleton are generated and organized.	N/A
GO:0001667	ameboidal-type cell migration	Cell migration that is accomplished by extension and retraction of a pseudopodium.	N/A
GO:0010632	regulation of epithelial cell migration	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of epithelial cell migration.	N/A
GO:0035904	aorta development	The progression of the aorta over time, from its initial formation to the mature structure. An aorta is an artery that carries blood from the heart to other parts of the body.	N/A
GO:0032092	positive regulation of protein binding	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of protein binding.	N/A
GO:0048146	positive regulation of fibroblast proliferation	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of multiplication or reproduction of fibroblast cells.	N/A
GO:1904705	regulation of vascular associated smooth muscle cell proliferation	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation.	N/A
GO:2000117	obsolete negative regulation of cysteine-type endopeptidase activity	OBSOLETE. Any process that stops, prevents, or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of cysteine-type endopeptidase activity.	N/A
GO:0001541	ovarian follicle development	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of the ovarian follicle over time, from its formation to the mature structure.	N/A
GO:0071347	cellular response to interleukin-1	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of an interleukin-1 stimulus.	N/A
GO:0007566	embryo implantation	Attachment of the blastocyst to the uterine lining.	N/A
GO:1990874	vascular associated smooth muscle cell proliferation	The multiplication or reproduction of vascular smooth muscle cells, resulting in the expansion of a cell population. A vascular smooth muscle cell is a non-striated, elongated, spindle-shaped cell found lining the blood vessels.	N/A
GO:0048041	focal adhesion assembly	The aggregation and bonding together of a set of components to form a focal adhesion, a complex of intracellular signaling and structural proteins that provides a structural link between the internal actin cytoskeleton and the ECM, and also function as a locus of signal transduction activity.	N/A
