go_id	name	definition	category
GO:0140241	translation at synapse	Translation that occurs at the synapse.	N/A
GO:0140242	translation at postsynapse	Translation that occurs at the postsynapse.	N/A
GO:0044406	adhesion of symbiont to host	The attachment of a symbiont to its host via either adhesion molecules, general stickiness, or other mechanisms. The host is defined as the larger of the organisms involved in a symbiotic interaction.	N/A
GO:0097250	mitochondrial respirasome assembly	The aggregation, arrangement and bonding together of respiratory enzyme complexes I, III and IV of the mitochondrial inner membrane to form a large supercomplex.	N/A
GO:0006959	humoral immune response	An immune response mediated through a body fluid.	N/A
GO:0140236	translation at presynapse	Translation that occurs at the presynapse.	N/A
GO:0051602	response to electrical stimulus	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of an electrical stimulus.	N/A
GO:0036293	response to decreased oxygen levels	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a stimulus reflecting a decline in the level of oxygen.	N/A
GO:0061844	antimicrobial humoral immune response mediated by antimicrobial peptide	An immune response against microbes mediated by anti-microbial peptides in body fluid.	N/A
GO:0071257	cellular response to electrical stimulus	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of an electrical stimulus.	N/A
GO:0042742	defense response to bacterium	Reactions triggered in response to the presence of a bacterium that act to protect the cell or organism.	N/A
GO:0006414	translational elongation	The successive addition of amino acid residues to a nascent polypeptide chain during protein biosynthesis.	N/A
GO:0043903	regulation of biological process involved in symbiotic interaction	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of symbiosis, an interaction between two organisms living together in more or less intimate association.	N/A
GO:0044403	biological process involved in symbiotic interaction	A process carried out by gene products in an organism that enable the organism to engage in a symbiotic relationship, a more or less intimate association, with another organism. The various forms of symbiosis include parasitism, in which the association is disadvantageous or destructive to one of the organisms; mutualism, in which the association is advantageous, or often necessary to one or both and not harmful to either; and commensalism, in which one member of the association benefits while the other is not affected. However, mutualism, parasitism, and commensalism are often not discrete categories of interactions and should rather be perceived as a continuum of interaction ranging from parasitism to mutualism. In fact, the direction of a symbiotic interaction can change during the lifetime of the symbionts due to developmental changes as well as changes in the biotic/abiotic environment in which the interaction occurs. Microscopic symbionts are often referred to as endosymbionts.	N/A
GO:0055093	response to hyperoxia	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a stimulus indicating increased oxygen tension.	N/A
GO:0051701	biological process involved in interaction with host	An interaction between two organisms living together in more or less intimate association. The term host is used for the larger (macro) of the two members of a symbiosis; the various forms of symbiosis include parasitism, commensalism and mutualism.	N/A
GO:0000028	ribosomal small subunit assembly	The aggregation, arrangement and bonding together of constituent RNAs and proteins to form the small ribosomal subunit.	N/A
GO:0035634	response to stilbenoid	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of exposure to a stilbenoid. Stilbenoids are secondary products of heartwood formation in trees that can act as phytoalexins. Stilbenoids are hydroxylated derivatives of stilbene. They belong to the family of phenylpropanoids and share most of their biosynthesis pathway with chalcones.	N/A
GO:0036296	response to increased oxygen levels	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a stimulus reflecting an increase in the level of oxygen.	N/A
GO:0150105	protein localization to cell-cell junction	A process in which a protein is transported to, or maintained, in a location within a cell-cell junction.	N/A
GO:0045721	negative regulation of gluconeogenesis	Any process that stops, prevents, or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of gluconeogenesis.	N/A
GO:0098743	cell aggregation	The clustering together and adhesion of initially separate cells to form an aggregate. Examples include the clustering of unicellular organisms or blood cells in suspension and the condensation of mesenchymal cells during cartilage formation.	N/A
