go_id	name	definition	category
GO:0042773	ATP synthesis coupled electron transport	The transfer of electrons through a series of electron donors and acceptors, generating energy that is ultimately used for synthesis of ATP.	N/A
GO:0006119	oxidative phosphorylation	The phosphorylation of ADP to ATP that accompanies the oxidation of a metabolite through the operation of the respiratory chain. Oxidation of compounds establishes a proton gradient across the membrane, providing the energy for ATP synthesis.	N/A
GO:0009060	aerobic respiration	The enzymatic release of energy from inorganic and organic compounds (especially carbohydrates and fats) which requires oxygen as the terminal electron acceptor.	N/A
GO:0019646	aerobic electron transport chain	A process in which a series of electron carriers operate together to transfer electrons from donors such as NADH and FADH2 to oxygen to generate a transmembrane electrochemical gradient.	N/A
GO:0042775	mitochondrial ATP synthesis coupled electron transport	The transfer of electrons through a series of electron donors and acceptors, generating energy that is ultimately used for synthesis of ATP, as it occurs in the mitochondrial inner membrane or chloroplast thylakoid membrane.	N/A
GO:0006754	ATP biosynthetic process	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of ATP, adenosine 5'-triphosphate, a universally important coenzyme and enzyme regulator.	N/A
GO:0042776	proton motive force-driven mitochondrial ATP synthesis	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of ATP driven by transport of protons across a mitochondrial membrane to generate an electrochemical gradient (proton-motive force).	N/A
GO:0006120	mitochondrial electron transport, NADH to ubiquinone	The transfer of electrons from NADH to ubiquinone that occurs during oxidative phosphorylation.	N/A
GO:0002181	cytoplasmic translation	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of a protein in the cytoplasm. This is a ribosome-mediated process in which the information in messenger RNA (mRNA) is used to specify the sequence of amino acids in the protein.	N/A
GO:1902600	proton transmembrane transport	The directed movement of a proton across a membrane.	N/A
GO:0032981	mitochondrial respiratory chain complex I assembly	The aggregation, arrangement and bonding together of a set of components to form mitochondrial respiratory chain complex I.	N/A
GO:0019730	antimicrobial humoral response	An immune response against microbes mediated through a body fluid. Examples of this process are seen in the antimicrobial humoral response of Drosophila melanogaster and Mus musculus.	N/A
GO:0019731	antibacterial humoral response	An immune response against bacteria mediated through a body fluid. Examples of this process are the antibacterial humoral responses in Mus musculus and Drosophila melanogaster.	N/A
