go_id	name	definition	category
GO:0001731	formation of translation preinitiation complex	The joining of the small ribosomal subunit, ternary complex, and mRNA.	N/A
GO:0016479	negative regulation of transcription by RNA polymerase I	Any process that stops, prevents, or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of transcription mediated by RNA polymerase I.	N/A
GO:0010572	positive regulation of platelet activation	Any process that increases the rate or frequency of platelet activation. Platelet activation is a series of progressive, overlapping events triggered by exposure of the platelets to subendothelial tissue.	N/A
GO:0048680	positive regulation of axon regeneration	Any process that activates, maintains or increases the rate of axon regeneration.	N/A
GO:2001046	positive regulation of integrin-mediated signaling pathway	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of integrin-mediated signaling pathway.	N/A
GO:0021932	hindbrain radial glia guided cell migration	The radially directed movement of a cell along radial glial cells in the hindbrain. Radial migration refers to a directed movement from the internal ventricular area to the outer surface of the hindbrain.	N/A
GO:0051764	actin crosslink formation	The process in which two or more actin filaments are connected together by proteins that act as crosslinks between the filaments. The crosslinked filaments may be on the same or differing axes.	N/A
GO:0070572	positive regulation of neuron projection regeneration	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of neuron projection regeneration, the regrowth of neuronal processes such as axons or dendrites following their loss or damage.	N/A
GO:0072378	blood coagulation, fibrin clot formation	A protein activation cascade that contributes to blood coagulation and consists of the cascade of enzymatic reactions initiated by physical damage to the wall of a blood vessel, leading to the formation of a formation of a fibrin clot at the site of the injury. The process also includes numerous positive and negative regulatory events.	N/A
GO:0086014	atrial cardiac muscle cell action potential	An action potential that occurs in an atrial cardiac muscle cell.	N/A
GO:0086026	atrial cardiac muscle cell to AV node cell signaling	Any process that mediates the transfer of information from an atrial cardiomyocyte to an AV node cell.	N/A
GO:0086066	atrial cardiac muscle cell to AV node cell communication	The process that mediates interactions between an atrial cardiomyocyte and its surroundings that contributes to the process of the atrial cardiomyocyte communicating with an AV node cell in cardiac conduction. Encompasses interactions such as signaling or attachment between one cell and another cell, between a cell and an extracellular matrix, or between a cell and any other aspect of its environment.	N/A
GO:0086013	membrane repolarization during cardiac muscle cell action potential	The process in which ions are transported across a membrane such that the cardiac muscle cell plasma membrane potential changes in the direction from the positive membrane potential at the peak of the action potential towards the negative resting potential.	N/A
GO:0051220	obsolete cytoplasmic sequestering of protein	OBSOLETE. The selective interaction of a protein with specific molecules in the cytoplasm, thereby inhibiting its transport into other areas of the cell.	N/A
GO:0060816	random inactivation of X chromosome	Compensating for the two-fold variation in X-chromosome:autosome ratios between sexes by a global inactivation of all, or most of, the genes on either the paternal or maternal X-chromosome in the XX sex.	N/A
GO:0060712	spongiotrophoblast layer development	The process in which the spongiotrophoblast layer of the placenta progresses from its formation to its mature state.	N/A
GO:0072376	protein activation cascade	A sequential series of modifications to a set of proteins where the product of one reaction catalyzes the following reaction, ultimately leading to the generation of a mature protein. Modifications typically include proteolysis or covalent modification, and may also include binding events.	N/A
GO:0086011	membrane repolarization during action potential	The process in which ions are transported across a membrane such that the membrane potential changes in the direction from the positive membrane potential at the peak of the action potential towards the negative resting potential.	N/A
GO:2001044	regulation of integrin-mediated signaling pathway	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of integrin-mediated signaling pathway.	N/A
GO:0021535	cell migration in hindbrain	The orderly movement of a cell that will reside in the hindbrain.	N/A
GO:0090042	tubulin deacetylation	The removal of an acetyl group from tubulin. An acetyl group is CH3CO-, derived from acetic [ethanoic] acid.	N/A
GO:2001224	positive regulation of neuron migration	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of neuron migration.	N/A
GO:0035855	megakaryocyte development	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of a megakaryocyte cell over time, from its formation to the mature structure. Megakaryocyte development does not include the steps involved in committing a cell to a megakaryocyte fate. A megakaryocyte is a giant cell 50 to 100 micron in diameter, with a greatly lobulated nucleus, found in the bone marrow.	N/A
GO:0086019	cell-cell signaling involved in cardiac conduction	Any process that mediates the transfer of information from one cell to another and contributes to the heart process that regulates cardiac muscle contraction; beginning with the generation of an action potential in the sinoatrial node and ending with regulation of contraction of the myocardium.	N/A
GO:0060009	Sertoli cell development	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of a Sertoli cell over time, from its formation to the mature structure. Cell development does not include the steps involved in committing a cell to a Sertoli cell fate.	N/A
GO:0099623	regulation of cardiac muscle cell membrane repolarization	Any process that modulates the establishment or extent of a change in membrane potential in the polarizing direction towards the resting potential in a cardiomyocyte.	N/A
GO:0150105	protein localization to cell-cell junction	A process in which a protein is transported to, or maintained, in a location within a cell-cell junction.	N/A
GO:0009048	dosage compensation by inactivation of X chromosome	Compensating for the two-fold variation in X-chromosome:autosome ratios between sexes by heterochromatin formation leading to a global inactivation of all, or most of, the genes on one of the X-chromosomes in the XX sex.	N/A
GO:0007549	sex-chromosome dosage compensation	Compensating for the variation in the unpaired sex chromosome:autosome chromosome ratios between sexes by activation or inactivation of genes on one or both of the sex chromosomes.	N/A
GO:0071514	genomic imprinting	The establishment of epigenetic modifications (imprints) during gametogenesis, and propagation of these imprints during the organism's life. Genomic imprinting leads to an asymmetry between the maternal and paternal alleles and differential expression of the corresponding alleles. This can happen through heterochromatin formation or differential chromatin loop formation.	N/A
GO:0060706	cell differentiation involved in embryonic placenta development	The process in which a relatively unspecialized cell acquires specialized features of the embryonic placenta.	N/A
GO:0099622	cardiac muscle cell membrane repolarization	The process in which ions are transported across the plasma membrane of a cardiac muscle cell such that the membrane potential changes in the repolarizing direction, toward the steady state potential. For example, the repolarization during an action potential is from a positive membrane potential towards a negative resting potential.	N/A
GO:0007212	G protein-coupled dopamine receptor signaling pathway	A G protein-coupled receptor signaling pathway initiated by a dopamine binding to its receptor on the surface of a target cell, and ending with the regulation of a downstream cellular process.	N/A
GO:0048679	regulation of axon regeneration	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of axon regeneration.	N/A
GO:0060306	regulation of membrane repolarization	Any process that modulates the establishment or extent of a membrane potential in the polarizing direction towards the resting potential, usually from positive to negative.	N/A
GO:0060008	Sertoli cell differentiation	The process in which a relatively unspecialized cell acquires specialized structural and/or functional features of a Sertoli cell. A Sertoli cell is a supporting cell projecting inward from the basement membrane of seminiferous tubules.	N/A
GO:1901381	positive regulation of potassium ion transmembrane transport	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of potassium ion transmembrane transport.	N/A
GO:0044319	wound healing, spreading of cells	The migration of a cell along or through a wound gap that contributes to the reestablishment of a continuous surface.	N/A
GO:0090505	epiboly involved in wound healing	The expansion of one cell sheet over other cells involved in wound healing.	N/A
GO:0086065	cell communication involved in cardiac conduction	Any process that mediates interactions between a cell and its surroundings that contributes to the process of cardiac conduction. Encompasses interactions such as signaling or attachment between one cell and another cell, between a cell and an extracellular matrix, or between a cell and any other aspect of its environment.	N/A
GO:0090504	epiboly	The expansion of one cell sheet over other cells or yolk.	N/A
GO:1900026	positive regulation of substrate adhesion-dependent cell spreading	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of substrate adhesion-dependent cell spreading.	N/A
GO:0070570	regulation of neuron projection regeneration	Any process that modulates the rate, frequency or extent of neuron projection regeneration, the regrowth of neuronal processes such as axons or dendrites following their loss or damage.	N/A
GO:0045022	early endosome to late endosome transport	The directed movement of substances, in membrane-bounded vesicles, from the early sorting endosomes to the late sorting endosomes; transport occurs along microtubules and can be experimentally blocked with microtubule-depolymerizing drugs.	N/A
GO:0086002	cardiac muscle cell action potential involved in contraction	An action potential that occurs in a cardiac muscle cell and is involved in its contraction.	N/A
GO:0002183	cytoplasmic translational initiation	The process preceding formation of the peptide bond between the first two amino acids of a protein in the cytoplasm. This includes the formation of a complex of the ribosome, mRNA or circRNA, and an initiation complex that contains the first aminoacyl-tRNA.	N/A
GO:0006356	regulation of transcription by RNA polymerase I	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of transcription mediated by RNA polymerase I.	N/A
GO:0006476	protein deacetylation	The removal of an acetyl group from a protein amino acid. An acetyl group is CH3CO-, derived from acetic [ethanoic] acid.	N/A
GO:0043045	epigenetic programming of gene expression	A epigenetic process that happens during embryonic development that modulates gene expression potential at later stages of development of the organism, including the adult. Epigenetic regulation takes place via chromatin remodeling either by modifying higher order chromatin fiber structure, nucleosomal histones, or cytosine DNA methylation.	N/A
GO:0043268	positive regulation of potassium ion transport	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of the directed movement of potassium ions (K+) into, out of or within a cell, or between cells, by means of some agent such as a transporter or pore.	N/A
GO:0010543	regulation of platelet activation	Any process that modulates the rate or frequency of platelet activation. Platelet activation is a series of progressive, overlapping events triggered by exposure of the platelets to subendothelial tissue.	N/A
GO:0098927	vesicle-mediated transport between endosomal compartments	A cellular transport process in which transported substances are moved in membrane-bounded vesicles between endosomal compartments, e.g, between early endosome and sorting endosome.	N/A
GO:1903351	cellular response to dopamine	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a dopamine stimulus.	N/A
GO:0042789	mRNA transcription by RNA polymerase II	The cellular synthesis of messenger RNA (mRNA) from a DNA template by RNA polymerase II, originating at an RNA polymerase II promoter.	N/A
GO:0086009	membrane repolarization	The process in which ions are transported across a membrane such that the membrane potential changes in the repolarizing direction, toward the steady state potential. For example, the repolarization during an action potential is from a positive membrane potential towards a negative resting potential.	N/A
GO:1903350	response to dopamine	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a dopamine stimulus.	N/A
GO:0071868	cellular response to monoamine stimulus	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a monoamine stimulus. A monoamine is any of a group of molecular messengers that contain one amino group that is connected to an aromatic ring by ethylene group (-CH2-CH2-). Monoamines are derived from the aromatic amino acids phenylalanine, tyrosine, histidine and tryptophan.	N/A
GO:0071870	cellular response to catecholamine stimulus	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a catecholamine stimulus. A catecholamine is any of a group of biogenic amines that includes 4-(2-aminoethyl)pyrocatechol [4-(2-aminoethyl)benzene-1,2-diol] and derivatives formed by substitution.	N/A
GO:0030219	megakaryocyte differentiation	The process in which a myeloid precursor cell acquires specializes features of a megakaryocyte.	N/A
GO:0042307	positive regulation of protein import into nucleus	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of movement of proteins from the cytoplasm into the nucleus.	N/A
GO:0071526	semaphorin-plexin signaling pathway	The series of molecular signals generated as a consequence of a semaphorin receptor (composed of a plexin and a neurophilin) binding to a semaphorin ligand.	N/A
GO:0009299	mRNA transcription	The cellular synthesis of messenger RNA (mRNA) from a DNA template.	N/A
GO:0035601	protein deacylation	The removal of an acyl group, any group or radical of the form RCO- where R is an organic group, from a protein amino acid.	N/A
GO:0071869	response to catecholamine	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a catecholamine stimulus. A catecholamine is any of a group of biogenic amines that includes 4-(2-aminoethyl)pyrocatechol [4-(2-aminoethyl)benzene-1,2-diol] and derivatives formed by substitution.	N/A
GO:0071867	response to monoamine	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a monoamine stimulus. A monoamine is any of a group of molecular messengers that contain one amino group that is connected to an aromatic ring by ethylene group (-CH2-CH2-). Monoamines are derived from the aromatic amino acids phenylalanine, tyrosine, histidine and tryptophan.	N/A
GO:1900024	regulation of substrate adhesion-dependent cell spreading	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of substrate adhesion-dependent cell spreading.	N/A
GO:0001974	blood vessel remodeling	The reorganization or renovation of existing blood vessels.	N/A
GO:0031103	axon regeneration	The regrowth of axons following their loss or damage.	N/A
GO:0086001	cardiac muscle cell action potential	An action potential that occurs in a cardiac muscle cell.	N/A
GO:0098732	macromolecule deacylation	The removal of an acyl group, any group or radical of the form RCO- where R is an organic group, from a macromolecule.	N/A
GO:2001222	regulation of neuron migration	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of neuron migration.	N/A
GO:0002011	morphogenesis of an epithelial sheet	The process in which the anatomical structures of an epithelial sheet are generated and organized. An epithelial sheet is a flat surface consisting of closely packed epithelial cells.	N/A
GO:0032233	positive regulation of actin filament bundle assembly	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of the assembly of actin filament bundles.	N/A
GO:0061337	cardiac conduction	Transfer of an organized electrical impulse across the heart to coordinate the contraction of cardiac muscles. The process begins with generation of an action potential (in the sinoatrial node (SA) in humans) and ends with a change in the rate, frequency, or extent of the contraction of the heart muscles.	N/A
GO:0006360	transcription by RNA polymerase I	The synthesis of RNA from a DNA template by RNA polymerase I (RNAP I), originating at an RNAP I promoter.	N/A
GO:0031102	neuron projection regeneration	The regrowth of neuronal processes such as axons or dendrites in response to their loss or damage.	N/A
GO:0086003	cardiac muscle cell contraction	The actin filament-based process in which cytoplasmic actin filaments slide past one another resulting in contraction of a cardiac muscle cell.	N/A
GO:0098900	regulation of action potential	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of action potential creation, propagation or termination. This typically occurs via modulation of the activity or expression of voltage-gated ion channels.	N/A
GO:0034394	protein localization to cell surface	A process in which a protein is transported to, or maintained in, a location within the external part of the cell wall and/or plasma membrane.	N/A
GO:0090307	mitotic spindle assembly	Mitotic bipolar spindle assembly begins with spindle microtubule nucleation from the separated spindle pole body, includes spindle elongation during prometaphase, and is complete when all kinetochores are stably attached the spindle, and the spindle assembly checkpoint is satisfied.	N/A
GO:0046824	positive regulation of nucleocytoplasmic transport	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of the directed movement of substances between the nucleus and the cytoplasm.	N/A
GO:0042306	regulation of protein import into nucleus	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of movement of proteins from the cytoplasm to the nucleus.	N/A
GO:0043113	receptor clustering	The receptor metabolic process that results in grouping of a set of receptors at a cellular location, often to amplify the sensitivity of a signaling response.	N/A
GO:1903036	positive regulation of response to wounding	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of response to wounding.	N/A
GO:2000179	positive regulation of neural precursor cell proliferation	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of neural precursor cell proliferation.	N/A
GO:1901379	regulation of potassium ion transmembrane transport	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of potassium ion transmembrane transport.	N/A
GO:0007193	adenylate cyclase-inhibiting G protein-coupled receptor signaling pathway	A G protein-coupled receptor signaling pathway in which the signal is transmitted via the inhibition of adenylyl cyclase activity and a subsequent decrease in the intracellular concentration of cyclic AMP (cAMP).	N/A
GO:0048678	response to axon injury	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of an axon injury stimulus.	N/A
GO:0045185	maintenance of protein location	Any process in which a protein is maintained in a location and prevented from moving elsewhere. These include sequestration, stabilization to prevent transport elsewhere and the active retrieval of proteins that do move away.	N/A
GO:0034446	substrate adhesion-dependent cell spreading	The morphogenetic process that results in flattening of a cell as a consequence of its adhesion to a substrate.	N/A
GO:0070252	actin-mediated cell contraction	The actin filament-based process in which cytoplasmic actin filaments slide past one another resulting in contraction of all or part of the cell body.	N/A
GO:1900182	positive regulation of protein localization to nucleus	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of protein localization to nucleus.	N/A
GO:0007229	integrin-mediated signaling pathway	The series of molecular signals initiated by an extracellular ligand binding to an integrin on the surface of a target cell, and ending with the regulation of a downstream cellular process, e.g. transcription.	N/A
GO:0030168	platelet activation	A series of progressive, overlapping events triggered by exposure of the platelets to subendothelial tissue. These events include shape change, adhesiveness, aggregation, and release reactions. When carried through to completion, these events lead to the formation of a stable hemostatic plug.	N/A
GO:0061515	myeloid cell development	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of a myeloid cell over time, from its formation to the mature structure.	N/A
GO:0043266	regulation of potassium ion transport	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of the directed movement of potassium ions (K+) into, out of or within a cell, or between cells, by means of some agent such as a transporter or pore.	N/A
GO:0090316	positive regulation of intracellular protein transport	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of the directed movement of proteins within cells.	N/A
GO:0032231	regulation of actin filament bundle assembly	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of the assembly of actin filament bundles.	N/A
GO:0001892	embryonic placenta development	The embryonically driven process whose specific outcome is the progression of the placenta over time, from its formation to the mature structure. The placenta is an organ of metabolic interchange between fetus and mother, partly of embryonic origin and partly of maternal origin.	N/A
GO:0042177	negative regulation of protein catabolic process	Any process that stops, prevents or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of protein catabolic process.	N/A
GO:0006413	translational initiation	The process preceding formation of the peptide bond between the first two amino acids of a protein. This includes the formation of a complex of the ribosome, mRNA or circRNA, and an initiation complex that contains the first aminoacyl-tRNA.	N/A
GO:0030048	actin filament-based movement	Movement of organelles or other particles along actin filaments, or sliding of actin filaments past each other, mediated by motor proteins.	N/A
GO:0007052	mitotic spindle organization	A process that is carried out at the cellular level which results in the assembly, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of the microtubule spindle during a mitotic cell cycle.	N/A
GO:0051225	spindle assembly	The aggregation, arrangement and bonding together of a set of components to form the spindle, the array of microtubules and associated molecules that serves to move duplicated chromosomes apart.	N/A
GO:0051209	release of sequestered calcium ion into cytosol	The process in which calcium ions sequestered in the endoplasmic reticulum, Golgi apparatus or mitochondria are released into the cytosolic compartment.	N/A
GO:0060048	cardiac muscle contraction	Muscle contraction of cardiac muscle tissue.	N/A
GO:0051283	negative regulation of sequestering of calcium ion	Any process that stops, prevents, or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of the binding or confining calcium ions such that they are separated from other components of a biological system.	N/A
GO:2000177	regulation of neural precursor cell proliferation	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of neural precursor cell proliferation.	N/A
GO:0046822	regulation of nucleocytoplasmic transport	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of the directed movement of substances between the nucleus and the cytoplasm.	N/A
GO:0051282	regulation of sequestering of calcium ion	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of the binding or confining calcium ions such that they are separated from other components of a biological system.	N/A
GO:0051208	sequestering of calcium ion	The process of binding or confining calcium ions such that they are separated from other components of a biological system.	N/A
GO:0021987	cerebral cortex development	The progression of the cerebral cortex over time from its initial formation until its mature state. The cerebral cortex is the outer layered region of the telencephalon.	N/A
GO:0010811	positive regulation of cell-substrate adhesion	Any process that increases the frequency, rate or extent of cell-substrate adhesion. Cell-substrate adhesion is the attachment of a cell to the underlying substrate via adhesion molecules.	N/A
GO:1902414	protein localization to cell junction	A process in which a protein is transported to, or maintained in, a location within a cell junction.	N/A
GO:0043433	negative regulation of DNA-binding transcription factor activity	Any process that stops, prevents, or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of the activity of a transcription factor, any factor involved in the initiation or regulation of transcription.	N/A
GO:0032388	positive regulation of intracellular transport	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of the directed movement of substances within cells.	N/A
GO:0010977	negative regulation of neuron projection development	Any process that decreases the rate, frequency or extent of neuron projection development. Neuron projection development is the process whose specific outcome is the progression of a neuron projection over time, from its formation to the mature structure. A neuron projection is any process extending from a neural cell, such as axons or dendrites (collectively called neurites).	N/A
GO:1904064	positive regulation of cation transmembrane transport	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of cation transmembrane transport.	N/A
GO:1902850	microtubule cytoskeleton organization involved in mitosis	Any microtubule cytoskeleton organization that is involved in mitosis.	N/A
GO:1900180	regulation of protein localization to nucleus	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of protein localization to nucleus.	N/A
GO:0002181	cytoplasmic translation	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of a protein in the cytoplasm. This is a ribosome-mediated process in which the information in messenger RNA (mRNA) is used to specify the sequence of amino acids in the protein.	N/A
GO:0001837	epithelial to mesenchymal transition	A transition where an epithelial cell loses apical/basolateral polarity, severs intercellular adhesive junctions, degrades basement membrane components and becomes a migratory mesenchymal cell.	N/A
GO:0031507	heterochromatin formation	An epigenetic gene silencing mechanism in which chromatin is compacted into heterochromatin, resulting in a chromatin conformation refractory to transcription. This process starts with heterochromatin nucleation, its spreading, and ends with heterochromatin boundary formation.	N/A
GO:0033157	regulation of intracellular protein transport	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of the directed movement of proteins within cells.	N/A
GO:1903034	regulation of response to wounding	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of response to wounding.	N/A
GO:0051017	actin filament bundle assembly	The assembly of actin filament bundles; actin filaments are on the same axis but may be oriented with the same or opposite polarities and may be packed with different levels of tightness.	N/A
GO:0022618	protein-RNA complex assembly	The aggregation, arrangement and bonding together of proteins and RNA molecules to form a ribonucleoprotein complex.	N/A
GO:0034767	positive regulation of monoatomic ion transmembrane transport	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of the directed movement of ions from one side of a membrane to the other.	N/A
GO:0061572	actin filament bundle organization	A process that results in the assembly, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of an actin filament bundle.	N/A
GO:0006941	striated muscle contraction	A process in which force is generated within striated muscle tissue, resulting in the shortening of the muscle. Force generation involves a chemo-mechanical energy conversion step that is carried out by the actin/myosin complex activity, which generates force through ATP hydrolysis. Striated muscle is a type of muscle in which the repeating units (sarcomeres) of the contractile myofibrils are arranged in registry throughout the cell, resulting in transverse or oblique striations observable at the level of the light microscope.	N/A
GO:0006606	protein import into nucleus	The directed movement of a protein from the cytoplasm to the nucleus.	N/A
GO:0043123	positive regulation of canonical NF-kappaB signal transduction	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of a canonical NF-kappaB signaling cascade.	N/A
GO:0001508	action potential	A process in which membrane potential cycles through a depolarizing spike, triggered in response to depolarization above some threshold, followed by repolarization. This cycle is driven by the flow of ions through various voltage gated channels with different thresholds and ion specificities.	N/A
GO:0008584	male gonad development	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of the male gonad over time, from its formation to the mature structure.	N/A
GO:0046546	development of primary male sexual characteristics	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of the primary male sexual characteristics over time, from their formation to the mature structures. The primary male sexual characteristics are the testes, and they develop in response to sex hormone secretion.	N/A
GO:0071826	protein-RNA complex organization	Any process in which macromolecules aggregate, disaggregate, or are modified, resulting in the formation, disassembly, or alteration of a ribonucleoprotein complex.	N/A
GO:0000070	mitotic sister chromatid segregation	The cell cycle process in which replicated homologous chromosomes are organized and then physically separated and apportioned to two sets during the mitotic cell cycle. Each replicated chromosome, composed of two sister chromatids, aligns at the cell equator, paired with its homologous partner. One homolog of each morphologic type goes into each of the resulting chromosome sets.	N/A
GO:0007596	blood coagulation	The sequential process in which the multiple coagulation factors of the blood interact, ultimately resulting in the formation of an insoluble fibrin clot; it may be divided into three stages: stage 1, the formation of intrinsic and extrinsic prothrombin converting principle; stage 2, the formation of thrombin; stage 3, the formation of stable fibrin polymers.	N/A
GO:0051170	import into nucleus	The directed movement of substances into the nucleus.	N/A
GO:1902905	positive regulation of supramolecular fiber organization	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of supramolecular fiber organization.	N/A
GO:0007599	hemostasis	The stopping of bleeding (loss of body fluid) or the arrest of the circulation to an organ or part.	N/A
GO:0050817	coagulation	The process in which a fluid solution, or part of it, changes into a solid or semisolid mass.	N/A
GO:0097553	calcium ion transmembrane import into cytosol	A process in which a calcium ion is transported from one side of a membrane to the other into the cytosol by means of some agent such as a transporter or pore.	N/A
GO:0001890	placenta development	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of the placenta over time, from its formation to the mature structure. The placenta is an organ of metabolic interchange between fetus and mother, partly of embryonic origin and partly of maternal origin.	N/A
GO:0051495	positive regulation of cytoskeleton organization	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of the formation, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of cytoskeletal structures.	N/A
GO:0030902	hindbrain development	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of the hindbrain over time, from its formation to the mature structure. The hindbrain is the posterior of the three primary divisions of the developing chordate brain, or the corresponding part of the adult brain (in vertebrates, includes the cerebellum, pons, and medulla oblongata and controls the autonomic functions and equilibrium).	N/A
GO:0007051	spindle organization	A process that is carried out at the cellular level which results in the assembly, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of the spindle, the array of microtubules and associated molecules that forms between opposite poles of a eukaryotic cell during DNA segregation and serves to move the duplicated chromosomes apart.	N/A
GO:0008016	regulation of heart contraction	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of heart contraction. Heart contraction is the process in which the heart decreases in volume in a characteristic way to propel blood through the body.	N/A
GO:0021543	pallium development	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of the pallium over time, from its formation to the mature structure. The pallium is the roof region of the telencephalon.	N/A
GO:0071805	potassium ion transmembrane transport	A process in which a potassium ion is transported from one side of a membrane to the other.	N/A
GO:0001764	neuron migration	The characteristic movement of an immature neuron from germinal zones to specific positions where they will reside as they mature.	N/A
GO:0031345	negative regulation of cell projection organization	Any process that stops, prevents, or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of a process involved in the formation, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of cell projections.	N/A
GO:0046661	male sex differentiation	The establishment of the sex of a male organism by physical differentiation.	N/A
GO:0045814	negative regulation of gene expression, epigenetic	An epigenetic process that silences gene expression at specific genomic regions through chromatin remodeling either by modifying higher order chromatin fiber structure, nucleosomal histones, or the cytosine DNA methylation.	N/A
GO:0050821	protein stabilization	Any process involved in maintaining the structure and integrity of a protein and preventing it from degradation or aggregation.	N/A
GO:0048771	tissue remodeling	The reorganization or renovation of existing tissues. This process can either change the characteristics of a tissue such as in blood vessel remodeling, or result in the dynamic equilibrium of a tissue such as in bone remodeling.	N/A
GO:0000819	sister chromatid segregation	The cell cycle process in which sister chromatids are organized and then physically separated and apportioned to two or more sets.	N/A
GO:0061351	neural precursor cell proliferation	The multiplication or reproduction of neural precursor cells, resulting in the expansion of a cell population. A neural precursor cell is either a nervous system stem cell or a nervous system progenitor cell.	N/A
GO:0045216	cell-cell junction organization	A process that is carried out at the cellular level which results in the assembly, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of a cell-cell junction. A cell-cell junction is a specialized region of connection between two cells.	N/A
GO:0010810	regulation of cell-substrate adhesion	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of cell-substrate adhesion. Cell-substrate adhesion is the attachment of a cell to the underlying substrate via adhesion molecules.	N/A
GO:0031099	regeneration	The regrowth of a lost or destroyed body part, such as an organ or tissue. This process may occur via renewal, repair, and/or growth alone (i.e. increase in size or mass).	N/A
GO:0051651	maintenance of location in cell	Any process in which a substance or cellular entity, such as a protein complex or organelle, is maintained in a specific location within, or in the membrane of, a cell, and is prevented from moving elsewhere.	N/A
GO:0010976	positive regulation of neuron projection development	Any process that increases the rate, frequency or extent of neuron projection development. Neuron projection development is the process whose specific outcome is the progression of a neuron projection over time, from its formation to the mature structure. A neuron projection is any process extending from a neural cell, such as axons or dendrites (collectively called neurites).	N/A
GO:0060047	heart contraction	The multicellular organismal process in which the heart decreases in volume in a characteristic way to propel blood through the body.	N/A
GO:0006813	potassium ion transport	The directed movement of potassium ions (K+) into, out of or within a cell, or between cells, by means of some agent such as a transporter or pore.	N/A
GO:0043270	positive regulation of monoatomic ion transport	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of the directed movement of charged atoms or small charged molecules into, out of or within a cell, or between cells, by means of some agent such as a transporter or pore.	N/A
GO:0034764	positive regulation of transmembrane transport	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of the directed movement of a solute from one side of a membrane to the other.	N/A
GO:0003015	heart process	A circulatory system process carried out by the heart. The heart is a hollow, muscular organ, which, by contracting rhythmically, keeps up the circulation of the blood. The heart is a hollow, muscular organ, which, by contracting rhythmically, keeps up the circulation of the blood.	N/A
GO:0043122	regulation of canonical NF-kappaB signal transduction	Any process that modulates the canonical NF-kappaB signaling cascade.	N/A
GO:0048762	mesenchymal cell differentiation	The process in which a relatively unspecialized cell acquires specialized features of a mesenchymal cell. A mesenchymal cell is a loosely associated cell that is part of the connective tissue in an organism. Mesenchymal cells give rise to more mature connective tissue cell types.	N/A
GO:0002064	epithelial cell development	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of an epithelial cell over time, from its formation to the mature structure. An epithelial cell is a cell usually found in a two-dimensional sheet with a free surface.	N/A
GO:0007188	adenylate cyclase-modulating G protein-coupled receptor signaling pathway	A G protein-coupled receptor signaling pathway in which the signal is transmitted via the activation or inhibition of adenylyl cyclase activity and a subsequent change in the intracellular concentration of cyclic AMP (cAMP).	N/A
GO:1903522	regulation of blood circulation	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of blood circulation.	N/A
GO:0140014	mitotic nuclear division	A mitotic cell cycle process comprising the steps by which the nucleus of a eukaryotic cell divides; the process involves condensation of chromosomal DNA into a highly compacted form. Canonically, mitosis produces two daughter nuclei whose chromosome complement is identical to that of the mother cell.	N/A
GO:0016197	endosomal transport	The directed movement of substances mediated by an endosome, a membrane-bounded organelle that carries materials enclosed in the lumen or located in the endosomal membrane.	N/A
GO:0110053	regulation of actin filament organization	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of actin filament organization.	N/A
GO:0007249	canonical NF-kappaB signal transduction	An intracellular signaling cassette characterized by the I-kappaB-kinase (IKK)-dependent activation of NF-kappaB, also known as the canonical NF-kappaB signaling cascade. The cascade begins with activation of a trimeric IKK complex (consisting of catalytic kinase subunits IKKalpha and/or IKKbeta, and the regulatory scaffold protein NEMO) and ends with the regulation of transcription of target genes by NF-kappaB. In a resting state, NF-kappaB dimers are bound to I-kappaB proteins, sequestering NF-kappaB in the cytoplasm. Phosphorylation of I-kappaB targets I-kappaB for ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation, thus releasing the NF-kappaB dimers, which can translocate to the nucleus to bind DNA and regulate transcription. The canonical NF-kappaB pathway is mainly stimulated by proinflammatory cytokines such as IL-1beta, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, antigen ligands, and toll-like receptors (TLRs).	N/A
GO:0008406	gonad development	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of the gonad over time, from its formation to the mature structure. The gonad is an animal organ that produces gametes; in some species it also produces hormones.	N/A
GO:0032386	regulation of intracellular transport	Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of the directed movement of substances within cells.	N/A
GO:0045137	development of primary sexual characteristics	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of the primary sexual characteristics over time, from their formation to the mature structures. The primary sexual characteristics are the testes in males and the ovaries in females and they develop in response to sex hormone secretion.	N/A
GO:0003007	heart morphogenesis	The developmental process in which the heart is generated and organized. The heart is a hollow, muscular organ, which, by contracting rhythmically, keeps up the circulation of the blood.	N/A
GO:0051222	positive regulation of protein transport	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of the directed movement of a protein into, out of or within a cell, or between cells, by means of some agent such as a transporter or pore.	N/A
GO:0072659	protein localization to plasma membrane	A process in which a protein is transported to, or maintained in, a specific location in the plasma membrane.	N/A
GO:0040029	epigenetic regulation of gene expression	A process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of gene expression through chromatin remodeling either by modifying higher order chromatin fiber structure, nucleosomal histones, or cytosine methylation of DNA. Once established, this regulation may be maintained over many cell divisions. It can also be heritable in the absence of the instigating signal.	N/A
